The birch canoe slid on the smooth planks.
The source of the huge river is the clear spring.
The beauty of the view stunned the young boy.
The stray cat gave birth to kittens.
The friendly gang left the drug store.
We talked of the side show in the circus.
The ink stain dried on the finished page.
The lawyer tried to lose his case.
The term ended in late June that year.
The hog crawled under the high fence.
Type out three lists of orders.
Pluck the bright rose without leaves.
These thistles bend in a high wind.
The pirates seized the crew of the lost ship.
A rag will soak up spilled water.
Acid burns holes in wool cloth.
Where were they when the noise started.
A fresh start will work such wonders.
It is hard to erase blue or red ink.
Rake the rubbish up and then burn it.
On the islands the sea breeze is soft and mild.
Both brothers wear the same size.
Gray paint stretched for miles around.
Nine men were hired to dig the ruins.
Quench your thirst, then eat the crackers.
Slide the box into that empty space.
The rise to fame of a person takes luck.
The crunch of feet in the snow was the only sound.
Women form less than half of the group.
Tack the strip of carpet to the worn floor.
Feed the white mouse some flower seeds.
Take two shares as a fair profit.
Fake stones shine but cost little.
It takes heat to bring out the odor.
No hardship seemed to keep him sad.
Seed is needed to plant the spring corn.
He picked up the dice for a second roll.
Bottles hold four kinds of rum.
The cleat sank deeply into the soft turf.
Birth and death mark the limits of life.
The way to save money is not to spend much.
Their eyelids droop for want of sleep.
We dress to suit the weather of most days.
The room was crowded with a wild mob.
His wide grin earned many friends.
Those last words were a strong statement.
The fan whirled its round blades softly.
The hilt of the sword was carved with fine designs.
The brass tube circled the high wall.
Help the weak to preserve their strength.
A plea for funds seems to come again.
The farmer swapped his horse for a brown ox.
She flaps her cape as she parades the street.
The square peg will settle in the round hole.
A gold vase is both rare and costly.
Hang tinsel from both branches.
The night shift men rate extra pay.
The stitch will serve but needs to be shortened.
The bombs left most of the town in ruins.
Leave now and you will arrive on time.
Glue the sheet to the dark blue background. It's easy to tell the depth of a well. These days a chicken leg is a rare dish.
The walled town was seized without a fight. The lease ran out in sixteen weeks. A tame squirrel makes a nice pet.
Pure bred poodles have curls. The tree top waved in a graceful way. The spot on the blotter was made by green ink.
Write at once or you may forget it. The doorknob was made of bright clean brass. The wreck occurred by the bank on Main Street.
Tight curls get limp on rainy days. The mute muffled the high tones of the horn. The gold ring fits only a pierced ear.
The thaw came early and freed the stream. He took the lead and kept it the whole distance. The key you designed will fit the lock.
These coins will be needed to pay his debt. The nag pulled the frail cart along. Twist the valve and release hot steam.
Smile when you say nasty words. A bowl of rice is free with chicken stew. The water in this well is a source of good health.
The lobes of her ears were pierced to hold rings. Hold the hammer near the end to drive the nail. Next Sunday is the twelfth of the month.
The knife was hung inside its bright sheath. The rarest spice comes from the far East. The roof should be tilted at a sharp slant.
